add snippet try else (#134)
30-seconds/30-seconds-of-python: snippets/most_frequent.md

---
title: most_frequent
tags: array,beginner
---

> Method return the most frequent element that appears in a `list`.

Reviewer: Please rephrase to: 
```suggestion
Returns the most frequent element in a list.
```

> Upon calling the function, in return you a `value`, which most frequently appears in the `list`.

Reviewer: Please rephrase to:
```suggestion
Use `set(list)` to get the unique values in the `list` in combination max()` to find the element that has the most appearances.
```

```py
def most_frequent(list):

>     return max(set(list), key = list.count)

Reviewer: Please fix indentation to be 2 spaces, not 4.
